Support for another Ron comes from square space.
So once one time I had this I technically still have a website. I just don't tell people to look at it because
it looks like not great and it looks not great because I didn't know what people who knew what they
would do like Claire's
phase because I've been to your own Web site today it's Chris pace that column and if you're
into Africa another around and check out you get in prison off your first pair to
saywell Squarespace build it beautiful.
Hi everyone I'm haven't. I'm crazy and welcome to another round of heaven
J.C. and clap clap clap and
everyone thought you are welcome.
OH MY GOD I'M
SO EXCITED FOR THE SHOW TONIGHT Jesus why why why we are going to lower the hat once.
Well bred and have been when it's lost the old mortgage by which
is something I want to
share it with us and then we're going to interview Melissa hers then
when so as you may know she has an M S N B C show she's a professor she's
like I was in a million things I don't mean that in the ME I WAS LIKE her braids
always yes I had a lot of I'm very excited doctor about that yet.
So let's get going. OK I saw that from
Brian fellows.
Although it's true isn't it. Let's get going.
So
what
happened
was
you think earlier this week I was you know walking minding my business living my
life as you see as I am want to do when I saw the most
horrifying combination of things that you have ever been combined on top of the wipers and said Oh
my God this is. You know when you're
like New York City like people watching or like on the subway you're just like oh wired or
you hear at this time. What are you doing where you go you know it was just story. So I was like walking but
it was more of like a stroll I was looking around. Into
my front to my front in front of
me was a low low gaggle of white
people gaggle the second favorite unit of measurement.
If you listen closely to the show's Cracker Barrel. So there's a whole
gaggle they are just like twenty something white people and under the spotlight of
the street light snow and ice.
I
see one one very long
dreadlock
one. I understand he did one day last he had one.
So I look up to the head and from the light and
the angle.
It looked like he had no hair. Wow So then I gasped.
Because I realized what was happening. This is a man with the
combination dreadlock rat tail.
Well yeah I had a really long catalog.
But it was like at the back of his head
I shud i like I want to get
closer with it like blonde I was a little yes. And he was completely about at the last.
Yes. So I was like oh this is like spotting a white
dude with dreadlocks in the wild. That's like two years
about luck. Not a white man with dreadlocks in the wild come
by with a rat tail
didn't dreadlock Redtail a dread tale. No no.
I read last. I got like seven years
of bad luck.
Damn we got a thank you to a priest
is to get you out of this somehow so the reason I said get. I go
because like I feel like why people haven't evolved a squad yet. And
the reason I say this because if you have real friends maybe like
Brett not good luck for you why are we still doing this you can tell you had it for a while because
of a long ass travelogue Maybe it's like
a religious thing Larry thank you everyone and
I'm I just really want to share that with someone to get a picture. No I
don't like to creep shot people. Well you document the bad luck that you would counter live and
I mean your job to prevent me this knowledge
so that the final isn't kind of like reversal ritual for the
leg leaves you don't like or like ready to leave e-mail is another my God I mean I
think the
sauce will be gone by some say he is by birth and
I thank you for listening guys pray
for
man.
So we are excited to have Dr Melissa Harris Perry on the show today she is the presidential endowed professor
in politics and international affairs at Wake Forest
University incredible She's the host of M.S. N.B.C.'s Melissa Harris Perry airing on the weekends.
She's the author of Sister citizen shame stereotypes and black women in America
and Barbershops Bibles and BT everyday talk and black political
thought. You also like a columnist at The Nation and writing at Essence
I honestly do not know how you do all
these things that are hellish al that if you make your biology.
Welcome to the show they do it judge in the little excited to be here
as will be a lot of fun. OK So we like to start all our interviews what are you doing
why man. It's funny because a Friday is kind of a
weird day to ask me what I do. So we're recording
this on a Friday on a Friday I feel like I'm a television host because it's our day when we're
probably crashing the hardest for the weekend shows but but then I always say that's not my real job.
My real job is being a college professor
so I guess the link. Between being a called recess or being a T.V. host is that in
both frameworks I try to be a
teacher and I don't just mean a teacher like I have all the information and I am
here to convey it to you and bless you with my wisdom and knowledge but rather because I
like the I tried to model the best teachers that I
had so for me the best teachers I had both taught me new things I didn't
know but then often would try to draw out of me things that I didn't know already but didn't quite
have the language for and so I do try to think of my classroom at Wake
Forest and my big classroom in nerd land as being just kind of extensions of the
same effort of being a teacher.
So why I think I've always felt called to it even as a kid I was the kid who
lined up the dolls and you know played schools kind. I also used to
marry my black Barbies off to job aka but
that's
only about having ideas I had yes and that he
was tall and brown you know the kind was like ah the American
Yeah you do
you want the Chinese that you want to ride with you Mick I'm I just want
that detail.
You know so it really does feel like the calling my dad is a college professor his twin brother is
a college professor when my mom and dad met my mom was the graduate assistant for my
dad's class.
So I think teaching is a little bit in also just kind of what all of us do
it makes me very excited that there's a brown woman with like braids on T.V. Leanne.
Yes my God what is left and so I
know broadcast people have to deal with a lot. Wherever like serious conversations about what you should do with your hair.
I think there are only serious conversations now which it is a well.
So literally this week was my take out all the braids and the put
them all back in two days so on Tuesday when I was hanging out with my hair.
I like Instagram to picture of my. I hair and there was a little bit of
like you're not planning to like. Wow I'm
on that how how do they express right now
is photographed. Are you making a change in
your life oh my God that's like
the professional version of your grandmother than legs or you know I
don't go out like yeah right. I'm going try to go out and actually I will
say one of the people who also a couple things one I got very very
angry post Ferguson I thought a lot think a lot of us did and I needed to express that
rage in some way.
And so on the on one of the worst nights of.
Police action and I was watching it on air dropping the nose off of taking my braids
out and so I said to my husband.
I'm not putting them back in I'm going on with my I'm doing it and he was like I
know you are very mad. Right now but on Saturday morning at six am when you
have
to do your hair you might feel differently. Why don't we do something different and
so that was when I put the blonde blonde streaks in it was like my
my radical anger
for Ferguson street. I think I don't think you know says that I just needed something
that was like expressing like physically my irritation with what I was
seeing in that moment. And so that's really the only reason I mean I don't actually get that much pressure build
a reason I don't wear my natural hair an error is just
because it's effort still a lot of it came in when I travel back and forth and raises it's
very easy and I think at this point you know I think
most people who are presumably my bosses in most of the places where
I work have just kind of figured out
that Melissa's kind of Melissa and they tend to like one of the things
I've really learned from from watching Rachel Maddow over the years is she is
one of the people who very purposely creates a physical appearance that
is non distracting so that you are thinking about what she's saying. And
there's no question that at some point. I will take my hair and my hair and is also no doubt that no one will
have any idea what I said on the show for those two hours. Like you know that they're only going to respond to what's on my head
and not with that man the worst part to me about
like fresh like newly getting your braids done is like hours of small
talk yet to deal with if you're not a regular Braider you know this is
not your regular Look you just like you know like when they go to market
and yeah yeah single person you meet the other you literally have like my Where did everybody
go along to know that. Yes that was funny.
And there's also a little bit of
a judge because because usually it's how long and the next question is how long is that last question
is do you wash
it. When I
asked the Juarez question that a body could ask me that my hand like
it was yes.
How do you do yeah you know I mean that all beings are
like nobody would ever ask anybody else a very odd question but it's part of the navigation
of American life as as black girls and so there's also there's
also a way that that allows us to bond with one another because we navigate the world in that
way having a white mom I have often said that my hair has been part of
the salvation of my identity because I have real regular black girl hair. You don't
have the flop
to say you know I think that I have.
Is not the kind of
white girl that my Mommy is like also sort of a fro situation
happening so. I've always felt like all those hours in the chairs
or those experiences with the hot cocoa more the birds of the like that's
also
just helps to be the McAbee Larry of how we talk about who we are yeah yeah
definitely you are very very good at having very diverse aka
brown skinned guests on your show which proves that it is possible to
have a new show and include like all the talking heads of all it is why again.
So you're good at it why do you think everybody else sucks it is so
much we are good at it for two reasons three reasons one.
Michelle combo.
She's my senior booking producer the amount of diversity that she can get into four chairs is
kind of extraordinary because part of it is racial diversity.
You know she she wants not just black and brown people she wants black and brown queer people
some of whom are short some of whom were tall full of rule from the northeast some of whom are right handed I think you're right like
yeah she was all right she was in four
chairs but the second part of that is that all of us are extremely aware
of it is how we build our tables all of us working on deadlines and timelines that are very
brief and so we're all working from the Rolodex of who we know and I mean for us sometimes it
means that what Melissa will suggest is a table of my
for for having that topic we need the ball of law and guess what all four of them are African-American
college professors there right and so my A.P. is like no we're going to
diversity but and in this case diversity means not for black college professors talking about it
right but it is because we can look at a table and at least start to think about who's not
there who should be there you know I don't want
to say with other folks I got it but I will say that the thing that makes it possible for us to do
it is that we think about it all doesn't happen accidentally It's really purposeful
and awesome because your work exists in like the intersection of
like academia public
discourse last year Thomas eco it's called you America's foremost public
intellectual It was weird and people lost
their shit that was very tall like political. But
he was he was
also clearly doing that just to be provocative like you know. But you consider
yourself a public intellectual I guess I would think of myself more as.
A public scholar than I mean I think intellectual carries with it this like I have patches
on
my elbow. You know smoking by the side of the pipe so we're
the kind of culture present my dad is.
Always funny to me the only thing I ever make is
ideas like I can't make you a widget or draw you a picture he can't like I you
know all I have is ideas and intellectual property so and I do it in front
of cameras so I yeah sure
I don't know the foremost is weird because I also I also think that like that hierarchy.
You know. I love coats a lot. Sure but I also feel like sometimes you
get stuck in frameworks that are very
masculinist speak on their Yeah and so that notion of like a for most of the
hierarchy of the one person who's at the top that's very like to Boise
and framework for thinking about how public how intellectual life. Yeah yeah and
I just nodded so if I am America's foremost public intellectual I would only want to be for one reason and that
is because I have a table with four chairs and try to bring all the other folks
so I'd like to think of myself as like America's foremost convener of
all the other intellectual or most can be VERY doesn't have all you know it does that right.
But you can see how political would be less mad about that political of
a
political I kind of want to get back to that point about masculinist models
of understanding stuff like this I don't know how else to describe it but there's a lot
of intellectual dick swinging from black male
academics swinging a measuring lane laying on
the table anyway I can dig saying now unrequested sell
the holiday meaning. How do
you deal with it and what has your experience
been like I've had good and bad experiences around that I
have two senior colleagues who I like to say. They're
just profoundly distinguished in my mind because they
they carried me
through through the academy in a thousand ways but never ever ever once.
Treated me like their daughter or their date but just always as they're here. My
colleague Michael Dawson and the late Manning. Marable.
But yet look you know I
guess Blackmon are reading a tradition
that tends to think that men's ideas are the most valuable
ideas and so I could see why they would think that they are because it actually takes kind of like booking a diverse
table takes a lot of
work to go find the girls and writings that we wrote and said and thought in order to
recognize we're actually being influenced by Wells and Cooper because you think you're just
being influenced by Dubois but we don't realize that you boys
go right in editing influenced by Wells and Cooper because we don't tell that part
of it for example as Nicole Hannah Jones say that's a big
well. Done to
go sell earlier today at who had it out on the another
round Twitter account where in the studio its military is paid as they might have any
questions or a lot of people had questions about
the Rachel Delaval interview getting all my people hate me really
bad I was wondering a lot
about what. I hear that much about it. Well wait what happened.
Yeah well.
So I read it all in one was our friend
Rachel emerged into the public space and I found her fascinating
and most
of the rest of the world who I think thinks of themselves as being in solidarity with me and
my viewers and like my people were not thinking she was interesting they
were thinking she was dishonest and evil and
terrible and I think in part were looking for me to both cosign that and
to give voice to it and I just it's just honestly not how
I experienced her personally or how I even experience the whole
event. Now I have come to think over
time part of what was happening that I just didn't catch.
Initially with who light skin privilege situation. So this
is the privilege problems I. Usually I'm pretty good about seeing when life.
Privileges operating. But part of what was happening when she was making a claim on
blackness
is she's making a claim on blackness from the end of the color spectrum in a very
particular space. So the language that would happen about. Well you could just step out of
blackness whenever you want part of how I would respond to
that was well spoken lots of light skinned people they can out
of like passing is also part of
what happened in the world and actually I think part of what I've come to
understand some folks actually were saying that they were like yup and all that is a problem.
Whoever she is personally right. And whatever those things
were I had a sense of familiarity with
her because she is from a part of the country she's from the Pacific Northwest
she's lived up there and Courtland Idaho.
My mother has a white woman grew up in Spokane Washington.
And I still have family members who live in Idaho and other parts of the country and
I think that for east coasters for Chicago when far urban folks.
It is almost impossible to explain why if you are a white woman with
black children. It is actually easier to just be a black woman. So let me just run through
this fifteen seconds here. Plaistow growing up in the immediate
post Jim Crow south in the one nine hundred seventy
S. in a household has a black child with a white
mother in Virginia in the one hundred seventy S. people expected to
see black
families in public space. So there may have been certain kinds of dangers
associated but it's not like a daily harassment just from being in the space
but when you are a white woman with a black child you are the actual walking
physical manifestation of
miseducation which is of course the entire discourse around lynching
and Jim Crow and all of those things. There is a way in which there's
actually greater invisibility. If your family
is Mana racial.
I can understand why even though I'm not sure that is even
true of Rachel dollars all and I certainly didn't hear her.
Particularly articulate it this way but it. It was why I think I saw her slightly differently.
I could see why she would say that once she
had black children that passing into
blackness might actually be a safer space in which to
exist than to exist as a white woman with black children because in the public space that
is northern Idaho. Actually there is
a particular kind of public threat that emerges when you are a
walking example of miseducation even in twenty fifteen
so that was part of what I heard her say the other thing I guess is I was
disturbed by the number of people who said. That white
people cannot
experience the actual pain of anti-black racism that they can
only experience ally ship so to one more quick story I have one sister in
my family were mixed race family
but some of our siblings both of their parents are black and some both of their parents are
white my sister who is a tall white woman with blonde hair.
Both of her parents are white She's seven years older than me when I was five and
she was should be twelve we were out in public space and someone called me
the N. word I was five did not know what the N. word meant like it literally you
could have called
me you know box a Crayola that like I didn't get the word had no meaning to me.
So in that moment I was not harmed by that word but my twelve year old sister who
is white was absolutely. She knew what that word meant she knew the threat that it posed that the
two of us alone together in that space were
being called that word and she didn't feel it as an ally towards my black
experience she felt as the sister of a black sister and she got into a fight.
And so like the I. DHEA that she could not experience racial harm is an odd.
It's
just like what do you mean she can experience racial harmony of course she could and so Rachel doll Joe has black
sons one of whom looks not unlike Trayvon Martin and of her son was murdered and if he
were murdered under circumstances like the death
of Trayvon Martin why would we think that somehow because she was white she do I Well
I mean that was just that black kid that died. I mean no she would experience that as as her son
having died and so. I
was distressed about our inability to imagine
the capacity of human pain
love all of that existing beyond racial lines because I just I just don't want black folks to
be essential is like I don't want us to
think that race is so real and so tangible that it would keep us from being able to
have deep human experiences that cross those lines then
is fascinating a very compelling theory it is but
I don't know I mean that assume way yeah right. So that I think that the thing I've come to realize is that
I was casting under so just like everybody else was casting all their stuff on dark matter
otherwise I think I was casting that narrative on her she's a net. Did I write
right that's what I was thinking certainly will I see her and I'm like oh girl I know you're like well.
So I mean she
certainly let's recast Rachel as someone
from New York someone who has no children who has no white black
children she just a random white woman who doesn't carry the same like
deep
connections on a statue for you she just the woman who decided that he was black one day.
What do you think your opinion of her would
be you know I so I think that's different. Yeah I mean so because I think race is socially constructed
I think you have to go through the social construction right. So I don't I don't think that
my quite again
my sister is seven years older than me I think she was probably just this is
a joke she says she's like I know I'm white but I'm not regular white people.
She just means like you grew up in a household with four black
siblings and it doesn't make you black right. She acknowledges that but it
also makes you somehow different in your life in worldview
and experiences and not just like more liberal or Democrat or something like it actually
Schiff in part what she thinks of as
the world that she exists and that's because it's literally socially constructed. It's not
psychologically constructed like you can't just decide.
Oh and now I am like that's not a no you have to construct it through some set
of lived experiences.
I remember after Rachel's story came out I decided that I was going to
identify as a person with the perfect credit score.
Yeah pretty tough I had not words I may think I don't know
how to make this happen let us reason here is my hobby identified as America's foremost public
and I look
at this how I feel about my background it just makes me much more relaxed about identity
theft trying to live life in good luck. What you want to be
doing things by the community. You can have my how you have let's see how far you get
with thank you for
taking this. I really wanted to ask you very quickly before we go to the next segment here. They
be they be you to fall on the
beautiful you came into your miracle by
surrogacy that is true. I remember
reading your beautiful and moving account of like the decision and everything. I'm very
curious as to what led you to write about it in the way that you did.
Oh my daughter sir
did literally Here's what happened so I have a I have a thirteen year old daughter.
The only way I had her was you know I fucked my husband I was twenty eight I got
pregnant like in fifteen
seconds weren't that bad a rage. Yeah I mean like I went off the
pill and I was pregnant before back what I could write down on the fact that you're twenty.
Yeah
it's Wendy's especially you know. I had like natural childbirth I don't even have a talent like
all the good. I was proud
and then I was with
a period of a lot of illness fibroids I think a lot of African-American
women deal with I tried a thousand different ways of addressing
it and ultimately gave up my uterus and. Hysterectomy and at the time
wasn't married was a
dating and my daughter was of an age that I thought OK I'm done right.
If I remember saying to my father who was in his sixty's at the time I
said Oh I think I'm done having kids he was like me to us like
oh OK dad I didn't
know I don't know that now I was still open but
the struggle continues so and it is a
business to many things. When I
met the man who's now my husband who doesn't have any children of his own who
desperately wanted to have a family with me I was just like you know I know you went to Catholic
school so maybe you don't know how this works but really we can't have kids I don't
have either like really. I love the
loving say them the love of their
wages but I had kept my ovaries which meant that we literally could make our own
genetic child I just couldn't carry that baby.
So James being who he is is like I'm sure there's a way and I was like Dude no for
really this is not you have to so we have a friend
who is he's Asian American his husband is African-American and one
of them is a HIV positive and they
have two beautiful children the a surrogacy and I said well if my you
know interracial queer HIV positive couple can have kids.
Hell yeah yeah. And so we kind of we started working with the
same agency that they worked
with fell in love with the woman who is herself married has two children of her own
her whole family including her sister her mom her dad were all there. When baby
nerd was born she went through quite a difficult pregnancy at the end she had a
big C. six is a
lot and so when I posted a picture of me and baby nurse after baby was
born because I had not been visibly pregnant. The world just presumed that I had
adopted and so my daughter's surrogate told me I was like yeah
well I was going to be
proud
like that as well as
the parent child for not on my own like anyone write about me so
yes you
dreamily private and I'd never you know but I was like oh wow this is I need to
clarify the situation with so. So in
part I wrote about it because it just is disrespectful to her and the sacrifices that she made
to make our daughter possible to allow it. The story to go otherwise but I will say just
on a day to day basis because in real life I'm not famous I just would walk
around with this two week old baby in my you
know Kenny tiny jeans and people that. Oh my God look so good I
guess I look back and all that credit I was a real
clear man to yoga. Oh
my gosh I wanted to do it
in addition to surrogacy I. Another thing that I've never heard black women talk
about is eating disorders. So there's this short like web series called black
folk don't. Yes And they they just had like some random fun topics to one of them was like black folk
don't have eating disorders you popped up on the screen
I'm so it was at that time I think it's like two thousand and twelve
or something at that time I remember being like I don't think I've ever heard a black person talk about eating
disorders or like body stuff in that way. Yeah I was a raging bull lemak at the end
of high school going into college. What I now know is that a
substantial number of bully makes or people who suffer with blame your
are survivors of childhood sexual assault as am I I just I didn't understand
that connection so at the. I was watching After-School specials and I thought that I was going
through the Believe me a situation because of some situation I had with my
body but what I realize now is that the things the weird things I do with my body almost have
nothing to do with my body except that I was I was raped at
fourteen by a neighbor and I didn't tell for about a decade and so the
eating and then throwing up and or the eating and then the running it off part of the
reason that we don't talk about the eating disorders is because we don't talk about the sexual assault and so.
You know again if we kind of go with the after school special version it's this idea that the
reason that women start to manipulate their bodies is because
of like Ozmo magazine or I guess that I mean it exists in the world it
certainly impacts. US but we also know there's a ton of research saying that women of color actually
don't experience like that complex feel
your complex in the same way
we have a black man live a
Gas prices are going to
push our selfhood like they had a normative game some dude's I
don't know but I just think it's more that literally we look at them were like well even if I didn't eat for a week I still would look
like right. Like all of
the things are don't match up there but for me it's really like
the desire to control the body is because some point your body was taken out
of your control by some person who meant it
harm as a person is always in the public eye. How do you deal with
criticism like a few looking through your top Google results. Like I want pages
deep but like few top ones are like Breitbart or.
Some conservative Web site that doesn't have fact checkers.
That is like we got her. That's one thing.
I do not deal with it well at all
at all and it's it's interesting because I have colleagues who deal with it
really beautifully and I'm always looking for tips from them. My favorite person is.
Al Sharpton like there's really nothing you can say about Reverend Al where you
like and you know maybe it's just the many years of it or maybe it's
just sort of how he sees himself or maybe it's
his general sense of self in the
world but I'm a mess behind it and so it's interesting because
it shut off some faces I used to really enjoy So some of my so my best friends I met
in
early Twitter in the you know two thousand and eight nine era and I could never happen again because
I do not read my replies. If I'm being attacked and I feel like I'm being attacked and
I didn't do anything
wrong that can feel bad but OK But if I feel
like I am partly to blame for it either I said something on
air that I don't actually believe but I got caught up in the moment
or like recently you know I'm I am literally bad with my money and
then I'd had a rough two years and then all of a sudden you know my
personal financial situation became a news
topic and one that then sucked in other people and harmed other
people and I was not right from like when I say I was not right of not right
for months and every time I went on air after that it was physically
painful. I'm not good at it will be very happy when.
All T.V. shows and someday my T.V. show will and there will be a lot of things about my T.V. show ending some
day that I will hate and I will
miss I will not hate and miss the
days when I have to go on and say words when I would like to say no words with you know just
you don't you don't have that option to say nothing and
always is fine overall but mostly I stick my head in
the corner but no literally no one no one wants to hear that so I've also learned it like complaining
about that will get you the row sympathy because. Because
an enormous privilege to have a national platform to say what you want and part of the cost of that is that
people will come for you and they don't come for you the way they did I do
wells they mocked me and made me feel awful but they didn't
like actually kick me. Out of my house. Or threaten to kill my husband or make it impossible for my
child to go to school. That's what they did to all the other black ladies who said words about what
they believed
in kind of all the rest of American history so fucked with her.
I mean. So what is the self care routine do you have
one summer runner which is more about. My
brain chemistry anything else so it's like get out there and feel better I have an extraordinarily
supportive Ed patient spouse and so a lot of my self care is
of
me I do opt out when I need to but also I
think probably the main self care thing is. I have a
huge network of
people you know my show is me on T.V. but it's twelve brilliant people
who are making the
show you know the image of Lou Cooper center is sometimes just me out front but it's
actually my team of four people you know my students are doing
incredible things but is that like so even my household is my mom my sister
the kids you know James I have enough sense not to try to do by myself.
They
are
Al and like Happy Hour like a networking mixer thing or whatever
and somebody right in there like oh here's my card take out my website and then you go to their
website and this like
is China and I know you've already got you know they don't.
So if there's a a girl
felt that what this person is probably know it's probably smart but their website sucks and they like I can't have your
my life. Here's a great way to avoid that everybody Squarespace
that with Squarespace that Com sideslip professionally designed regardless of
your skill level there's no coding acquired so if. Your H.T.M.L. chaps
are limited to making a Black Planet pay. That's
OK there are intuitive an easy use tools and if you sign up for
a year with squarespace dot com You get a free dummy.
Well who doesn't like free stuff I do. Everybody does yes you're right you're right.
So start every track today it's GREAT say that come when you sign up use Africa have another
round and get him percent off your first sergeant who doesn't love
getting them for some apple stuff and who doesn't love sharing that they love another round. Come on come on so
I am too and one
who would want to wear things build it
just.
So we're going to switch gears a little bit and do some fun and rapid fire questions and
that rapid fire and off the top you see the finger
Good luck with this is the first question people get really upset at us when we
don't ask our guests how they feel about squirrels. How do you feel that girls.
I genuinely and generally like squirrel
Oh my God I. This isn't the little bit of the white
part I like a lot of random animal.
I love that you know you know what you're right but I
guess if I walk around barefoot and I like lots. I do I walk around barefoot
a lot into the men like I had the you know the math that she's done a lot of.
OK
OK OK. One of my one of my friends came to stay in the apartment that we have
here in New York. She calls and she says you don't have an iron here do
you know I was like you know she was like you are right
so
why am I OK but what other
random animals. This is right up my alley. So I feel like this interview happened in part
because of a tweet I put out about the chicken
coup. Did not
happen. Our producers are not little I want to meet
a chicken salad
and I write a check when I move to North Carolina one of the things we did was to buy a house that
has an acre and a half of land and so I've turned into a bit of a backyard farmer and I like I live veggie
garden stuff but I am dying for a chicken coop I have many feelings about my desire
for
chickens My husband is not down and I got a divorce have made a lot of like well
so in New Orleans we had chickens but they were free range Seventh Ward chickens that had gotten free in
Katrina and they were a little lazy it felt like oh my God you know why did the rooster
the rooster would like crowing like ten
fifteen cents like Nadal and I are very well very
ridiculous so you might want that chicken but just like wander around we can have to get
a responsible
for the rules would only make so much interest do you have one jobs
or seventy
seven toward free chicken video myself not worried about your not about that
life can I make an outrageous request if and when you get to take time to happen.
I'M GOING TO WITNESS Oh yeah existence. Will you name one of them after me.
Oh my oh no I'm getting three chickens I'm naming them Shad wrecked me shack and
then. I
guess it's OK I'll just get
mileage on it's fine. So you teach a lot
of African-American political classes the intersection
of those thing.
As we know black people in college they kind of you know have their low
awakening sometimes and sometimes maybe doing the
most was easy but did everything you ever want to tell your students alike or a child
but no I but I do tell you I was very.
It's so you know you know you guys want to ask me a thousand questions my thirteen year old would
never like to hear me
speak again. You know. She's thirteen and she
hears words all the time so my few Cubans are funny because if you go and ask my
students like oh you know this must be so incredible I have radical black fantasy like sheep
that
you know in my experiences with them I'm constantly lie. Oh
you. You really can't like the crazy recognizes
the I'm not going
to know if you can
talk to to to my dean from when I was in college he will for
my view that I had maybe done a spoken word. Oh no
not here not where I had maybe suggested that I might be fascinating.
But you
know incredible. Please tell me you remember this poem
called Any having I do I remember much of it I had so many let's be
clear he was African-American he is African-American. I just told
you he was a sellout to obvious
abolitionists what I enjoy is that I am now him out of their children
writing assassination falls right now my god guys but I love it because it looks that that is
what the work
of democracy is and I learned how to be who I am like by fighting
with and I'll say like my dean right now if you go back and he will tell that story
but he will also laugh about it and will see it as like a loving moment of teaching and
so
I I hope that my students the ones who find me to be a sellout to
all the ministration I'm a good safe person for them to rage against because I actually want the
best for them and I'm not going to harm them and nothing that they say or do whatever keep me from still
seeking the very best and most equitable policies for
them so I was like please rage against me because I'm the single
safest like a thorough. I figure you can ever rage against but you don't do
the
poem though I'm not because just like a little bit. I'm not I
don't know. I have to damn it a little bit for
the autobiography someday the end
of this fire. So everybody on Twitter and by everybody on Twitter. I
mean like one person who asked a really good question. I want to know where you get your glasses.
Oh those glasses know me I'm pretty sure
government lives crap isn't so. Fair enough.
It's like I have a lot of just about famous people have a lot.
I have an actual panic attack a Black Girls Rock and I like
it like like James had to take me out because the first lady was there and Jay to
pick it for me and I just like flipped out because I was in like a gap dress and I had a
feeling I have to I can't with actual famous people or sefl Oh so
what's with a lefty classes. Well that's great. Yeah let's grab.
To it. What is your favorite ninety's R. and B. gym.
Oh my God I love them all. I love ever like
everything while I was creeping on your Instagram and I saw that you enjoy a Floetry com
site that happened I went back and really and
I had had a good.
Had I had a good time. And
then when she says that if somebody is playing Floetry it
is
not by accident in the hallways I was always part
of his I don't know I love it all. I mean I don't know that it's not the ninety's like in my car. It is the ninety's.
That is what it was at all points on the body.
That is beautiful. What is the most influential book you've ever
read the question. Well.
I live it already is kind of ridiculous because I mean there are many many
things it would be a great deal as an adult but like. As a child I
was obsessed with Charlotte's
Web and I read it.
Aliya hunters. I will quote like I have feelings
about that book even today's how did it influence you part of it is actually my my very
best girlfriend the world. BLAIR Kelly who is profitable and. Kelly are with us
my best friend in the world and I always tell her she
Charlotte and she's like Charlotte died.
While our leg side although I never was there she's like Melissa and
then Charlotte died and left like eight thousand grandchildren. You're like this is the way I guess.
But it's this idea
that I just meant that like you know I always identify
with Wilbur and like you know Wilbur is a little paranoid people coming to get him. And so he needs
somebody to build him up and to tell him that he's some pig and to tell him that he's terrific.
And you know but to remind him that he's humble but like just like saying to him and stuff at
NIH and so he's dramatic and crazy
he falls out cries and it sure looks like well yes we
know it's about you're great and that that is
a role that Blair is played in my life like our actual friendship began. I was
breaking up with some boy in grad school and my response to having broken up with this boy was to leave
my door unlocked so that someone
would come in and just Although I think now as I gave it like to be able
to about four days like this is a farewell I got I mean we just did it
you know that's sort of the I think of her
as my Charlotte because you said she's exclusive writer and she's brilliant and well I love her
but the main thought she is like and then Charlotte died so
well bless her heart.
Milicic Perry please come back one day whenever you would
like there are also reasons to name into going
after me. You know that I'm down. OK I never said I don't have enough.
I want to just want to think about where I mean they begin thinking
about where can people find your
work. Oh all kinds of places. My favorite place for the academic work
is and into. Cooper center which I think is right now it's that Cooper project
dot org. On the web if you go to Wake Forest and the imagery Cooper
center is where most of my academic work my FIL A by links to
the SR citizen book that kind of thing and for the T.V. show it's M H P
Show dot com. Maybe if they want to follow you on Twitter. Even though. Oh yeah the Follow me on Twitter.
Sure everyone's while saying words I'm just not to read by so that's at N.P.R.'s.
Perry and the one place I do still I should tell the world but since I feel that replies on Instagram dress
there probably is social media. Well thought of also at interesting at Instagram were still
like you only like. To hate best of everything else
like
a great theater full sell follow Melissa on
Instagram and thank you so much. Yes thanks for going through
anything
at and guess what we did it.
We did it lead to the hole right now with that firm that's
from the thing. Dora the Explorer. Yes the mat. Oh my God. The man
one of our
listeners posted on our Facebook page that she played that song for her
young
kids are all kindergartners Yes she said it was you
know so shout out to you. Yes I should find that person have been who you been
around for I would like to buy around for Jane the version I hear so much about this show. It's
such a good show. I watched most of the first episode.
You made it seem like you put a real effort and did it.
OK So the premise is kind of wild so I get the
hesitation if you're just hearing the explanation. So the whole premise is basically
that Jane was like a young like devout Catholic and she's a
virgin and she's accidentally artificially
inseminated high jinks ensue and that usually back on from
someone how long can you keep this out.
That's where I like like when I heard the premise of the show I was like. This show is not about her suing everybody.
I did not identify with it so it's very elaborate and
like the only way I can tell I like the only way to describe it to people is like just like a Tele novella you just you
just have to embrace it and the go with all the stories yeah you have to like suspend
reality Yes Lee obviously if you want to win the village before this like I have it isn't but like I grew
up around like African
dramas. So that's good I went to him and I had enjoyed it not quite the saying you
know the Nigerian movies these Corey they're wild and it's always
like Beyonce and
Solange like mad topical dancing and generally
just any way is the way
I explain my my joy about the show to people. First of all every single human in the
show is like incredibly gorgeous incredibly beautiful. It's Rudy it
really it's like and I'm a big fan of juicy gossip and
it fills that part of me was just like Who is this story go
and get me to see and so they have like
a really intense narrator situation because you have to have someone walking you through everything.
There's no way week to week that you're like oh I remember what
happened when the wife of the person who kidnapped this one you know it's
a lot and telling a builder a lot. So there's a dope really funny Narrator It's basically
also just like a super heartfelt story about three
generations of Latino women. I didn't realize how much
I didn't see this on television. There's the grandma who speaks in
Spanish but people talk to her in English and that's like how my household ran that's
mad common. If you're like an immigrant where you like talk to your parents or your grandparents in a different
language than the way they talk to you it's just lovely on that and
just like oh I don't even know I need it all but also at one point you'll find yourself being
like where is this drama going and then another point you're like sobbing. He went from
like wild to super earnest mad quick new
inquiry. I'm like
that in addition to like the immigrant thing. There's a character on
the show who's kind of like a small character. She's.
Jane's boyfriend coworker. She's a cop and she's also a cop very
tiny role but as soon as I saw her I was like oh my God she's Ethiopian.
And then I was like
whoa this is what why people feel like all
the time because this is like best case scenario from an Ethiopian American
person on a T.V. shows like I did not realize I had never experienced
this and that people experience this all this and
I know so I like feel very strongly about the show.
It's like doing incredible things. It's easily one of the best new shows I've seen like the last five
years collaterally was a big endorsements like doing a lot and we're not talking about it enough.
So last night last night. Oh my
God so all the celebrities come to buzzy right there is one particular celebrity who
came that was Jaimee com You know I don't know how to
pronounce when I said that was the American that's right. Maybe everything.
It looks like Jamie Jamie Kamil.
He plays like a soap opera star in the in the show so it's like a soap opera with a soap opera.
He is
wrong and you know they love a guy that's very about actually and for us to
and
then he is south and so he has
Gorges So I wrote like a appreciation process I'm like y'all were not talking about this man
enough and he saw it and he wanted to like personally think of me. So
he's fun and he smells great he's also really
on these powerful we mean without feeling I'm in
it so should I WAS MY NAME OF
version that's a Jane the version I want to buy around again ecologist the man
who you have got a job you have got to look
at with Janet.
OK all day. I
mean. You know I have
one of John sure she's all right. I have a lot of names for
her refer to her as the Iron Maiden sometimes
that you know my God. The center.
Let me explain the I'm sort of gone from lolo you think you're right in another world but I'm
lame from level can psyche and Yum Brands is
the company that owns like Taco Bell and K.F.C. and blah blah blah. And so
they get paid for our.
Because they don't have a pro ball team we have any pro sports team at all so college sports
are really really big at the university level as an arena. No is the center.
So sometimes I come
out and I don't make sense than Or yeah I
think for now it's great what else do I call it.
So the round is we're going to college. It is not your name a lot more
about Madonna for I think it got a pap smear this morning. OK you know
as uncomfortable as it was for me you know speculum is an Athlon
president. OK so I was the like Madonna is like great but obviously you
know obviously like I mean you could eat off my cervix also OK.
Yes some flags within braggadocio but yeah. Deal with it calm
down. I know least to
gynecologists in the stories that they tell me about the people who come in to see them with like stuff.
Doc In the
end and just like people who just like Don't know how things work in
length
the situation. I
coulda literally not I couldn't it could just it just be me.
In addition to I'm sure they have more stories right. I've heard a lot of horror stories from my girlfriend just about like
that's the one job where you can't
be judged you cannot be did you not be judged you not be like a rough you can
be anyway and it's like I've heard so many stories of like. Specially
male gynecologists going wild outlandish things for women.
Wow. So I've had two male guy knows one was the worth of ever had one was
the best. OK. The worst one that I ever had was in
Philly and he asked What do you look like an extra from The
Sopranos. I don't like this but in the up that wasn't buttoned up all the way so we had like a little
chest hair sticking out he had this gold chain him like this big no
like Brooklyn next to him like a was going on I don't have a good book to mention at all and like
he was just very like gruff but the other man that I had was just
like so he reminds me of now I don't watch the director
regularly but he reminds me of the Low Country page guy.
Yes he like he was super country just like this quite big alexy you
can see we're just him looking mayor and people going oh I was in the and when he was finished he said all
right now we're going come out and I'm just going to be able hold around the mic anomalous in J. out you
know that's like first of all a love and people who say give you a hug around your
neck just so sweet in
seeing this was the time I laughed so he did my pets. Which is
the thing that I did once went out and you haven't really
not and I remember sitting in like watch looking at like his diploma on
the wall. And I could till like he was very young about what he's like soup a movie
so embarrassed like like I can handle
a male gyno I cannot handle a male gyno that I'm like. Attractive. Thankfully he looked like
a cartoon character so it's OK Anyway Chad out to yell we would be in terrible
shape without you you make a lot of money so I guess Isha thanks but I mean you did this
not enough thanks.
Thank you for my cervix and I also saw that all the horrible ones. Go
be just
like you should lose some weight and like if you want to get pregnant you do right now. Why aren't you
married.
Oh that's horrible Maybe I'm not so much about the forward like
parable guy no no it's about it's special because it's so related to reproductive things.
Things body things like it's just a perfect mix of like what you never want to hear from a
stranger let alone your doctor right.
OK so let's revise a mine around for the good guy no I guess I've never had
a terrible when I've had like a not great women though like a terrible and yet set out to all the good goggles
out there. Thanks for keeping shit together and then work in order to have to you I saw my
uterus today. It was a Friday. The guy
get out of bed in the phantom room and you know like in like when pregnant
ladies have not a gram so I haven't you see like the baby inside you move it isn't my uterus I'm a bladder and
my
ovaries make a big job interview I love that it
was exciting so around for all the Vadra
doctors for your uterus. Everything said I was in my uterus and my bladder which is
huge Never mind when I think we can and therein
is my God Look if you use your credit if you really
believe
we did a shock to Melissa Harris Perry
for glowing through amazing much of the commentary do so
because hoax if you're listening right now please reconsider naming the chicken have to move.
Or live let me not going to do that at least let me share
any
other shoot out of the pot straw
and ignore your chickens adjacent this is this pod cast is produced by Eleanor
Kagan with editorial oversight from Jenna Weisberg in production help from Julia for want to make
Kramer right enough that I made a sound.
Thank you to Paul Roux Este and Argo studios who gave us some
of someone else's birthday cake and now he's doing mistaken as he will be in the
city just
OK thanks to you Jean Grey in dialogue with me our
in-house musicians you can follow Jean Grey on Twitter at Jean Grae Z. you can
follow Donna we'll at the. Will this be all in W I don't know if
you are coming to either of our lab shells Miss Jean Grey will be there.
Thank you
the optimist class and Thank you Tracy you must say would
have been better than the actual act. Thank you
you can follow heaven on Twitter and heaven like the place that he doesn't believe in
a rant like the only verbiage we use to describe Hi I'm
gay and you can climb trees the broking of poverty like the situation she will not be
and hopefully
soon to be your maps and size years when I see
you next week's going to be a lot shot don't kill us. We're taking care of ourselves
guys remember how we told you guys about self carry right on your own admittedly Yeah obviously
committed about the
life follow up all of the things you can follow us on Twitter and another rant you
can like us on Facebook and another round. You can e-mail questions
comments criticism love
letters and another round at but the dot com And if
you like this you can read it on the i Tunes. If you
don't celebrate a lot of effort don't do
that you wonder that don't forget to take our survey at Tiny U.R.L. dot com
slash another round survey we really do appreciate your feedback you really want to know what you think about
this and drink some water y'all figure mags. Oh my God I have
been Rugland I mean just I don't even have
enough right
now I was going to say that I was going to say back up your
data but you know what I'm a fucking
hypocrite Listen I do want say Heaven I didn't want to be
the woman trashy All
right I backed up all my computer data for record back of my phone data fuckin lost my phone
and lost a good month of
shit and so it is that so follow your own advice everyone.
Although your own eyes back up your data do have it right so we're both going to
try to console don't like trash I'M TRASH. I'm no I you know he's
a noble.
Anyways I disagree but.
Time to go
drink
and
then hijacks and see
that
obviously
has zero.
Anyway
but
I'm.